As I am writing this letter today, I have a million thoughts running through my mind. This letter is meant to be a testament to the love I feel for you – a love that is honestly hard to put into words because it is a love that can only be felt. Do you know how much you mean to me? You are the reason I wake up in the morning – you are the one person that can put a smile on my face, even on those days when I am feeling down. You are the reason I am able to lay in bed and fall asleep peacefully. Looking at it, I realize your love has done so much for me in my life –you have offered me new opportunities that no other person would be able to offer me. I love you so much – more than words will ever be able to express.

As you lay next to me in bed sleeping, I lay there and wonder what I did to get so lucky in my life. You are the one that has reached out and showed me the true meaning of what it feels like to be in peace. There is no other person in this world that could have done that for me. Now that I know you are the one, I want to offer you all of the happiness the world could possibly give. I love you and I will always love you.

There isn’t a day that goes by when my mind isn’t thinking of you – you are the reason behind every piece of joy in my life. You are the one that has lifted me up to show me the beauty of life. Before you came into my life, I didn't see much beauty around me – I lived in a world that was sad. I was broken and alone.

When you walked into my life, the sunshine walked in with you. I cannot thank you enough for doing everything you have done for you. I can repay you by offering my love unconditionally and whole heartedly. You are my dream come true – you are the love of my life.

When I first saw you, you was standing in the middle of some people, laughing. There was just something about you that I couldn’t quite place my finger on. Maybe it was the way you laughed or that sparkle in your eye. I don’t know, but what I do know is that I was attracted to you and have never been attracted to another woman in this way. When I walked up to you, I hesitated a bit, because I thought I may be out of your league – here I was, a broken guy and there you were, a girl full of life. Do you get what I’m saying? I swear though, when I first talked to you, my heart skipped a beat. Now that we are together, I see that you and I truly were mean to be.

There are a thousand ways to say I love you around the world, but there's only one way to prove it and that is by the actions we take. Looking back, I see that you have proved that you love me and I hope you are feeling just how much I love you

I try my hardest to show you my love by taking care of you and doing the things I know you like. Forgive me if I have ever hurt you or caused you any pain – that was never my intentions. I love you forever and always and I will never ever leave your side – you are my soul mate, my lover and my best friend. I hope that you and I will get to spend our lives together because I couldn't imagine spending my life with anyone else other than you.